Add GREASE (#1508)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

TODO: Security/Privacy Considerations of MOQT_IMPLEMENTATION parameter

# GREASE {#grease}

To ensure that implementations correctly handle unknown values and do not
fail when encountering extensions they do not understand, this document
reserves a range of values for "Generate Random Extensions And Sustain

> Extensibility" (GREASE) as defined in {{!RFC8701}}.

Reviewer: @suhasHere I forgot to actually add my title suggestion in the markdown suggestion, please let me know if you'd like to go with it

> GREASE values follow the pattern `0x1f * N + 0x21` for non-negative

Reviewer: Also, let's please use a different seed value than `0x21` because that conflicts with HTTP/3

integer values of N, producing values: 0x21, 0x40, 0x5F, 0x7E, 0x9D,
0xBC, 0xDB, 0xFA, 0x119, 0x138, ...

The following registries include GREASE reservations:

- Extension Header Types ({{iana-extension-headers}})
- Session Termination Error Codes ({{iana-session-termination}})
- REQUEST_ERROR Codes ({{iana-request-error}})
- PUBLISH_DONE Codes ({{iana-publish-done}})
- Data Stream Reset Error Codes ({{iana-reset-stream}})
- MOQT Auth Token Type

Endpoints SHOULD periodically include GREASE values in messages to exercise
these extension points. Implementations MUST handle unknown values from

> these registries gracefully according to the rules defined in each section.

Reviewer: While I appreciate the intent of this, it can be difficult in practice. This is something both https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9170#section-3.3 and https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-edm-protocol-greasing/ try to add some context on. For example, a naiive implementation might trigger sending a packet with grease values that wakes up a radio, interferes with congestion control, blocks a stream, etc. Since "periodically" is hard to define, it might raise more issues than we are trying to address.

Furthermore, the MUST requirement here is superfluous because the requirements are on the endpoints handling of unknown code points. Grease values are not particularly special and putting an onus on them might encourage implementations to ignore only the Grease values, negating the purpose of protecting any extension point.

TODO: Security/Privacy Considerations of MOQT_IMPLEMENTATION parameter

# Grease {#grease}

To ensure that implementations correctly handle unknown values and do not
fail when encountering extensions they do not understand, this document
reserves a range of values for the purpose of greasing; see {{Section 3.3 of ?RFC9170}}.

Grease values follow the pattern `0x1f * N + 0x21` for non-negative

> integer values of N (that is, 0x21, 0x40, ..., 0x3ffffffffffffffe).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Grease values follow the pattern `0x1f * N + 0x9D` for non-negative
integer values of N (that is, 0x9D, 0xBC, ..., 0x3ffffffffffffffe).
```
